>> Jen Kramer: What did you
wind up getting here then for
your grid template areas?
>> Jen Kramer: So it's gonna be .wrapper.
Yeah, bring this up a little bit.
>> Jen Kramer: So
it's gonna be the .wrapper class.
It's gonna be grid-template-areas.
And what did you get for an answer?
>> Jen Kramer: That should look like that.
>> Speaker 2: So would it be,
sidebar sidebar header header, and
then the next one would be
sidebar sidebar article article?
>> Jen Kramer: Header, header and
then sidebar sidebar article article.
Is that what you did?
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, let's try that.
>> Jen Kramer: If we refresh the page?
>> Jen Kramer: That's pretty close,
it's pretty close.
We could probably argue that this would
actually be header, maybe an article here.
>> Jen Kramer: And just push that sidebar
over just a little bit more, but, yeah,
you're pretty close.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so the question was,
why do we specify header four times?
So why don't we just try that?
Let's just say sidebar header, and
let's just say sidebar article and
see what we get.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, so if we do that,
just say sidebar header and
sidebar article, save that,
refresh your browser.
And it looks like that is working also,
okay.
And that is probably because of the way
that we declared these columns up here in
the top, the 1 and the 3 together.
Okay, so if instead I did this, repeat (4,
1fr), right, so now I'm 4,
4 columns, one fraction each.
Do you think it's still gonna
work down here with the desktop.
You think it's still gonna work?
How many say it's still gonna work?
>> Jen Kramer: How many say,
no, it totally won't work?
A few more.
How many say, I have absolutely no idea?
That always gets the most votes.
Okay, so if you go in ahead and
save that and
refresh the page, so this is what you get.
>> Jen Kramer: All right,
so the combination then, so
here where we just said 4
columns of 1 fraction each,
then it becomes important
to specify header header.
>> Jen Kramer: And article article, okay?
So then it becomes important
to specify those, right?
So that we get the correct layout.
Or we need to spell out our
column widths like this,
1fr 4fr.
And then down here in our
desktop dimension again,
we could just say sidebar header or
sidebar article.
And those will correspond with those
widths of those columns above.
>> Jen Kramer: Make sense?
All right,
any questions on that grid area stuff?
We're gonna do more with it.
But I'm gonna hit a couple of
topics in rapid succession.
And then we're gonna go
do a longer exercise.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay.
>> Jen Kramer: So that's grid area.
>> Jen Kramer: I'm sorry,
I forgot one more thing I have
to show you with grid area.
Open back up your grid area .css file.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay,
so, that should be 3fr.
Here's another piece of syntax
that you can use with grid area.
So let's say that I wanted to have
an empty column between the sidebar and
the header and the article, okay?
So just for consistency sake, I'm gonna
change this back to repeat (4, 1fr).
So now I have 4 columns, 1 fraction each.
I have a sidebar header header and
I have an article article.
What I'd like to do now is I'd
like to place an empty column in
between the sidebar and
the header and an empty column
between the sidebar and the article.
So the way you can do this
is with the dot notation.
The minimum number of dots is one.
You can have more than
one dot if you wish.
So you could just say ...,
that's kind of a nice way of doing it.
You can have many, many,
many dots if you want.
But this is going to create an empty
column in the display of the page.
So if you go on ahead and
save that and refresh your web page,
you should see a nice big gap here.
And of course,
these fractions are quite large.
So it's a quite large gap
that we have in our layout,
probably larger than you'd
really want design was.
But it's a thing that you can do here.
You, of course, don't have to put
it in the two column locations.
You can simply say I only want it here,
between the sidebar and the article.
So we could set that up,
and that will also work.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, make sense?
So this is something that you can
do with this grid area syntax that
you really are less able to do with
just using grid column and grid row.
If you wanted to have that empty
column somewhere along the way,
that becomes a little bit more difficult.
It becomes much easier to implement here
using this grid template area syntax, yes?
>> Speaker 3: What if we want the space
to be smaller than one fraction?
>> Jen Kramer: If you want the space
to be smaller than one fraction here,
then what we'd need to do for our grid
template columns is we'd need that set up
some kind of different kind of thing here.
Let's say it's 1fr 0.2fr 1fr 1fr.
Let's see what that does.
>> Jen Kramer: That may or may not work.
>> Jen Kramer: So
that helped a little bit.
>> Jen Kramer: Okay, and it would probably
work better if I actually had that total
it to a whole number instead of
3.2 fractions for the whole page.
[LAUGH] But that's what I did.